## Privacy Policy

By downloading or using this App, these terms will automatically apply to you. Therefore, you should make sure that you read them carefully before using the App.
        This SERVICE is provided by MTEAM at no cost and is intended for use as is.
        This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use my Service.
        If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Recipes App unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
        Recipes App does not collect, store or distribute any user or usage information. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
        An open source third party service for the request of recipe information is used (www.campbellskitchen.com or www.campbells.com/kitchen/). Note that this external service is NOT operated by me. Therefore, I CANNOT guarantee what content is served and I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy by this service. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party services.
        I do not collect personally identifiable information.
        I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.


## Terms And Conditions

By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app.
        MTeam is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app, at any time and for any reason.
        It\’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the Recipes App won’t work properly or at all.
        You should be aware that there are certain things that MTeam will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but MTeam cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.
        If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third party charges. In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app.
        Along the same lines, MTeam cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, MTeam cannot accept responsibility.
        MTeam accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.
        At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on Google Play – the requirements for system (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. MTeam does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.
        We may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
        If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at tucker.mitchelltucker.mitchell@gmail.com.
   
